Hi. This is a thing I wrote at 5 AM instead of going to bed like I should've. I wrote this because I kind of never put into words my thoughts about this HUD after all the drama that was involved around it. I also don't want to make this seem more official than it should be by publicizing it on youtube or whatever, so I've put this here. Read it if you want, I'm not forcing you.

Originally, this HUD was made as the 1k subscriber special present thing for my channel. Some commenters kept compilmenting a shitty ToonHUD edit I made and showcased in my early videos, so I thought making a proper one from scratch would be a good idea to celebrate the fact that I got 4 digits on a stat that was essentially meaningless in stead of 3.
I didn't know what the hell I wanted to make in terms of style. Originally this HUD should've been a pixel art HUD and noticably less loud than the final product, but due to Source engine being a horrible engine that hates everyone who uses it, the pixel scaling was complete dogshit and required fonts to get a 1:1 resolution of a texture.
I wanted to get a comic book-ish vibe, where the stats would pop out at you so they were fully visible. I made the numbers stupid huge so that I could see them without having them too centered like other HUDs end up doing.
The first result admittedly looked like shit, and I was too far up my own ass to realize how bad it really looked. When people criticized it, I went "oh fuck they're right what was i thinking" and cobbled up whatever I could. A few people mentioned how it looked like Persona 5, a game I have never played nor had any interest in playing, so I looked at some refs and saw what I could use and translate for TF2.
I think adapting it into a full-on Persona 5 knockoff HUD was the biggest mistake I could've made, since that just made the HUD skyrocket in popularity to a point that I was not prepared. The attention that this HUD got has affected me so goddamn negatively.
Simultaneously, I thought it would be hilarious to prank people removing the donators thing for being obnoxious. 
Quick tangent about donations, listing them this prominently is also something I regret, however at the same time it helped me not go homeless. I'm still thankful to everyone who bothered donating unhealthy amounts of cash to get their name written down there, but I admit I should've have them put in the box where the TF2 news show up normally (*Does anyone even look there?*). I'm also glad other HUD makers didn't shy away from incentivizing donations, as creating mods for a game as undying as TF2 is usually a thankless job, which is especially cruel with how much bullshit you have to deal with just to get a functional HUD.
Anyways, I thought adding an easter egg prank for those who remove it would've been hilarious. I didn't make it too difficult to remove it, but I guess people didn't see that prank the same way I did, which I think now has always been valid criticism
But at this point I noticed a lot of shitty discourse about other HUDs started because of my HUD. I saw a lot of comments going "'insert hud name here' sucks! ZeesHUD is better cause it's not minimal!" or "zeeshud looks like shit who would use this garbage" and I felt somewhat guilty about the former, since I felt like this somehow made them hate me for accidentally getting hate on their project that probably took longer to create than mine did.
Mind you, I'd keep hearing this over and over. I would actively look up what people said about my HUD to see how I could improve it, but I kept being greeted with this sense of guilt that I made these other HUDs seem worse than they really were, or that they were somehow outdated because my HUD had images behind the text.
On top of that, I kept getting bug reports, things I forgot to add or fix, etc.. I wasn't really in a good space mentally at the time, and feeling pressured to fix these bugs as soon as possible made me feel worse and worse, and I ended up pushing quite a good amount of people who have done no real wrong towards me. I can't blame anyone who sent bug fixes, as they didn't know and I know their intention was to just get the HUD to be in its best state possible.
I don't remember what date exactly, but I remember I had a breaking point where I fucking hated what I created. It stressed me to the point that I relapsed self-harm, and I was very bad at handling this microcelebrity status (*I'm aware this sounds stupid, but I'll call it that because I can't think of a better word*) so I pretty much just got fucked up and went into a self-destructive mode. That's where the "ZeesHUD has a cheat in it" thing comes from. I just wanted a good reason for nobody to use this HUD, so I started by threatening that I'd add a trojan horse in the HUD to get people who use it VAC banned. I knew this wasn't feasible at all, but somehow people believed it.
Well... It worked, however it's done more damage to me than I would've expected, as people were furious at me to the point that they found a message insinuating that I was a groomer, because I was in a relationship with someone 1 year younger than me. Despite trying to explain context, nobody cared about any explanation I could've made and instead jumped to stereotypes due to the fact that I am a trans woman, so I got fed up with all of it and disappeared for a while. By trying to crush my work, I ended up crushing myself.
I ended up putting it back after much demand (*and also because the popular undonored fork is hosted by a known cheater, ironically*) and will most likely never finish it. I realized that me making videos or mods for TF2 didn't align with my goals in life, so I've stopped associating with and making things for TF2 entirely.

Looking back though, despite everything that happened to me, I don't really regret making ZeesHUD. I do regret a few decisions I took for it, but people liked it enough to make their own crazy HUD, and I think that's the one thing I should be proud of.
If you want to finish ZeesHUD, you don't have to ask my permission. You can even change the name and make it your own HUD. This project ended up being bigger than me, and I accepted that as much as I'm frustrated that the current product isn't what I want, there are going to always be people who like it.
